Lilililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililili
Lilililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililililili
Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li Li LiLiLiLiLiLiLiLiLiLiLiLiLiLiLiLiLiLiLiLiLiLiLiLiLiLiLiLiLiLiLiLiLiLiLiLiLiLiLiLiLiLiLiLiLiLiLiLiLiLiLiLiLiLiLiLiLiLiLiLiLiLiLiLi LiLi
I listen to you
It's a living thing
What's the end of it?
you already have
You found a name
I'll go driving with you
Now you have a quasi-illegal status
Why are you doing what?